---
layout: post
title: "half time 👟"
category: ramble
---

<iframe width="700" height="394" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/J3TjDUnlclk" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="0"> </iframe>

### Sorry about the lack of updates, blog. There's been a few times this year I've half-started a post and then just kind of left it--and that's okay! Here's some of my accomplishments so far this year. (*Suck it, 2017*)

---

Time flies.

At the beginning of the year [I looked back at 2016](/2017/01/01/my-annual-year) and took stock on what had been happening so far (TL;DR: time moves pretty quick). Flash forward to July and I've realised I have neglected this blog. I also realised that doesn't really matter.

## reflection is a powerful tool

In January I took a lot of time reflecting before writing my post, this was a very powerful thing to do. For one: it put a lot of things into perspective; huge problems seemed tiny in hindsight, secondly, it allowed me to put a lot of what I'd done into words--and that had a really huge impact. Sometimes accomplishments are drowned out by the problems of the time, problems that seem insignificant in the long run.

2017 has been a very good year so far. Don't get me wrong, there's been the usual fair share of good days and shit days, but I'm finally starting to maintain a sense of purpose through it all (25 years late, mind).

## i am still in love with snapchat

I mentioned last time that I had managed to shake my perpetual social network anxiety, scrolling back through Photos.app shows that hasn't changed. This has the benefit of me being able to take small amounts of time just scroll through my photos and reminisce over when stuff goes right.

## promises promises

Gonna try to update this blog a little more regularly for the rest of the year. I also want to have a go at a video of some kind (waiting on Josh to let me use his drone). Also, I got an Apple Watch... I'm sorry.
